## Welcome to my GitHub

My name is Diana, I am a Colombian Cadastral Engineer also geodesist currently focused on participating in projects that involve business analytics, data science and data management. I feel passionate about applying modelling techniques to support decision-making and provide data-driven valuable information. Always keen about working with segmentation, classification and prediction of different types of data.  

Throughout my career I have had the opportunity to work with data from different areas allowing me to strengthen my capabilities in data source integration and exploitation in innovation and applied research projects, my background has given me a strong proficiency with spatial data. All this involves understanding and applying various data analysis and inference techniques, including statistical methods, machine learning, and AI algorithms, to solve challenges related to the exploitation of georeferenced data for decision-making and, in general, associated with geospatial data throughout its value chain. I love to work in multidisciplinary teams, it always has enriched my human and personal dimension.

Currently, I am finishing an MSc in data science which I decided to take to strengthen my business analytics and data management from an IT services and informatics perspective. You can find more detailed information about my training and experience in a copy of my current CV. Also, you can find some of my codes for the projects I have worked with available on various repositories.
